# Set Medic App Web App This repository contains a complete Python Flask web application for Set Medic App. The app is designed for Events, Film, and Television production companies to review our services, request a quote, book a service, receive an invoice, make a payment, and get a receipt with payment confirmation. It also includes a blog, social media integration, and consistent branding using our custom color palette and typography. ## Features - **Service Overview & Booking:** Browse detailed service listings and request a custom quote. - **Invoicing & Payment:** Auto-generated invoices, secure payment processing, and downloadable receipts. - **Blog & Social Media:** Stay informed with our blog and connect via social media. - **Responsive & Branded UI:** Consistent use of our logo, colors, and fonts, optimized for web and mobile. ## Setup in GitHub Codespaces This project is configured to run directly in GitHub Codespaces using Docker: 1. Open the repository in Codespaces. 2. The Dockerfile and devcontainer configuration will auto-build the environment. 3. Once ready, run: ```bash python app.py ``` and access the app at <http://localhost:5000>. ## Running Locally 1. **Clone or Extract the ZIP Archive** 2. **Navigate to the project directory:** ```bash cd set-medic-app ``` 3. **(Optional) Create a Virtual Environment:** ```bash python -m venv env source env/bin/activate # On Windows: env\Scripts\activate ``` 4. **Install Dependencies:** ```bash pip install -r requirements.txt ``` 5. **Run the Application:** ```bash python app.py ``` ## Customization & Deployment * **Styling:** Modify `static/css/`[`style.css`](https://style.css) to adjust colors, fonts, and layout. * **Payment & Data Integration:** Expand [`app.py`](https://app.py) to integrate with real payment gateways and databases. * **Deployment:** Consider services such as Heroku, AWS, or Render for production deployment. ## License This project is released under the MIT License.

